you
hello I'm Brian and today I will be
reviewing the Astro a50 wireless headset
before we begin let me quickly share
some back story with you I purchased
this headset in February I believe on
the 13th for two real reasons my
previous headset was an ax 720 by Triton
it had broken and while I really liked
this headset I wanted to try something
different just because I've heard so
many durability issues with the Triton
and I've heard good things about the
Astro so I wanted to give him a shot I
was also at a local game store saw them
so I figured it was time to buy
I thought the wireless would also be
pretty interesting that's the second
reason I bought these I had never tried
a wireless headset before not for any
reason not for videos not for music and
specifically not for gaming so I thought
that the wireless option might help kind
of just increase the overall usability
of the headset and I just wanted to give
that a shot
I was I was not given this headset I
purchased it for two hundred and ninety
nine dollars and ninety nine cents at a
local game store and I am in no way
affiliated with Astro so you know this
review is just from me I did not get
paid by Astro so let's move on let's
talk about the headset itself a little
bit the 850 is a wireless headset which
uses the 5.8 gigahertz spectrum to
broadcast sound to in from the mix amp
which is this little guy here to the
headset itself the mixing up is
connected to your gaming system via USB
optical or auxilary for me normally if
I'm hooking it up to a PC or my Mac or
my ps3 or xbox I used the USB for that
for the ps3 and for the Xbox I also use
the optical in it does also have an
optical out pass-through so you can hook
it up to your TV or your surround sound
system as well the USB cable that is
provided is very short I should let you
know about that actually that's this one
here it it doesn't me if you're gonna
use the supplied cable it does need to
be very
to whatever you've got it hooked up to
this is also true for the charging cable
since this is a wireless headset it has
a battery in it it needs to be charged
and this is the cable this is the length
of cable
it rhymes me actually the ps3 cable that
the USB cable that used to come with a
ps3 to charge their their controllers
it's very short you cannot you cannot
use this while it's charging because the
cable is too short so I don't even know
if you can use it at all with a USB
cable attached because the one they
supplied me is too short I didn't have a
longer one on to the mix amp real quick
is it does have Dolby surround sound
which is great for gaming it's also
really good for movies too so all you
have to do is click that on and off it's
very easy to tell if it's on or not and
that's about it for the mix amp other
than that the mix amp just kind of sits
inside this little cradle you can see
this this cradle is supplied by Astra
and the big Sam sits inside here and the
headphones just hang off of there like
that and you can charge them here and
you can do whatever it's just a great
kind of storage mechanism for them and I
appreciate that they gave you that you
know it's not it's not a super high
quality piece of plastic but it's you
know nice little plus that they give it
to you let's move on to the headset them
itself overall the build quality is
pretty good there it is all plastic it
feels plastic E but for the amount of
technology that they jack into this
thing I feel like it's pretty good it
has a microphone on the left hand side
this is not movable it has to remain on
the left hand side and a cool feature
about this is that when you put it into
its most upright position it
automatically mutes that microphone
which is pretty cool the right side
actually has quite a few controls on it
you can see here is a power button this
is a equalizer selector switch number
one is a bass heavy mode number two is
kind of a balanced mode and number three
is a treble heavy mode one and two were
both good for movies TV music I found to
to be specifically pretty good for music
three is really
for gaming so you can hear uh trouble
heavy noises like footsteps in games and
things like that
I did find that these two buttons we're
a little hard to find with my thumb that
these are actually on the back side of
your head so you reach to them with your
thumb they were a little hard to find a
little hard to press see they're a
little bit protected by this rail here
so I didn't like that that much but you
get used to it a little bit but they're
still they're still hard to find this is
the volume dial and I really like this
it was very easy to find one half thumb
and it also actually requires quite a
bit of movement to to move the volume
and it's very it's a very fine selection
so you never find that you know this
setting here is too loud this setting
here is too soft you have quite a bit of
adjustability in that on the right side
of the ear cup here you actually have
the mix amp itself right or the control
for the mixing up if you hit this side
voice is a bit louder if you hit this
side the game sound is a little bit
louder the only thing I didn't like
about this is that every time you put on
or touch actually these this side of the
earpiece you you adjust this because
it's just so sensitive that it just
automatically adjusts I shouldn't know
also about the build quality is that
when you are touching this thing at all
you will find that the ear cups actually
rattle a bit inside the frame I would
like to get them to kind of fix that it
happens on both sides it'd be nice if
that was a little bit tighter a little
nicer the build quality overall I feel
is good but it's just I don't know it's
still plastic at three hundred dollars
it wouldn't it wouldn't kill anybody to
see a little bit of a higher quality
construction on this guy one other thing
I wanted to note is that the charging
for this is down here it's a little
micro USB this short cable plugs into
here
and that's how you charge the headset
itself one thing that's kind of weird is
that when you're it's hanging you
actually have to lift it up move it
around and you'll see that what happens
is the whole thing kind of you know when
you're looking at it the whole thing
kind of moves in your hand a little claw
G what would have been really cool and I
hope that they they do in the next
version of this is that what I'd really
like to see is that the the cradle be
somehow an automatic charger maybe put a
couple of contacts here in the headband
and a couple of contacts on that cradle
so that when it sits there it just
starts charging automatically I think
that'd be really cool
I don't like this my girl USB I think
it's kind of weird too also I'd like to
note that this is a fully wireless
solution for PC Mac and ps3 for the Xbox
you'll actually have to use another
cable it's this cable here and you'll
see it's got a standard two and are two
and a half millimeter jack that plugs in
and then this side plugs into your Xbox
controller there are newer newer
headsets newer wireless headsets that
don't need this anymore
I think the warhead by Triton no longer
needs us it'd be a little nice if Astro
could get away from this to to be a
completely wire solution the sound
quality is pretty damn good I was pretty
impressed actually my ax 720 sounded
good but these sound better and the fact
that these are wireless and not wired I
was really happy with the wireless also
reaches quite far around my house I used
it to not only play video games but to
listen to music on and I was able to
wander all around the house without
losing signal and I thought that was
pretty good considering this box is if
you picture our house as a rectangle
this box is in the top right of the
rectangle and my living room would be in
the bottom left of that rectangle and I
was able to listen to music all the way
in the living room and I thought that
was pretty far there are a few walls of
staircase I you know it's it's a it's a
distance and it sounded great so I was
pretty happy about that the speaker's
sound good it's nice to have those
equals equalization settings that's
something that I didn't have on my
Astros overall I'm really gonna
recommend these things I was very
satisfied with the purchase I wouldn't
mind if the build quality was improved a
little bit and if these buttons were
thought a bit these two as well but
overall I'm very happy with them they
serve many more purposes than just a
standard gaming headset does I can
listen to movies and music when the kids
are asleep I can play games with them
they really they're very versatile to me
and I'm very happy with the purchase
again they're not perfect but for $300 I
think they're pretty damn good so that's
all I got for today real quick on just
to just to talk about the mic a little
bit I'm gonna put a sound clip right at
the end of the video recorded with the
built-in mic just so you can hear what
the mic sounds like I think it sounds
pretty good
it's not quite as good as like a real
micro or you real USB headphone but it's
really good so I'll see you guys in the
next video bye hey guys I'm back in this
portion of the video is actually being
recorded on the Astro 850 headset so
just to give you a sample of what the
microphone sounds like up on the screen
right now you may see a couple videos
you may have missed on the left hand
side is my razor saber tooth review and
on the right hand side is a review and
overview of all the new DLC stuff that
came out in March also has in-game
representations of all the different
camos and everything it's pretty good
video check it out if you like this
video however hit that like button I
really appreciate it and if you'd like
to see more videos hit that subscribe
button and they'll be delivered right to
your sub box see you guys in the next
video thanks for watching bye